why are we doing this we've got some
work to do
we shouldn't be up here Drac who is
ready to fly me me like a superhero
better like a vampire I don't know about
this he's half human maybe the kid isn't
supposed to fly try it this is how they
learn you throw them and they figure it
out it's how I was taught I want to find
now add a bag you know grandpa's right
here if you need it
huh I can't watch this please don't yeah
we go he's still not flying he will
still not yeah that happened this is a
tall tower that's why it's good you
should get him truck I did that my first
time he's getting too close to the
ground you know what he's not gonna fly
again again
we're going to need more time